IMPORTANT: Upgrade the current AI interviewer from the existing emoji/icon + audio implementation into a REAL VISIBLE AI INTERVIEWER CHARACTER.

Do NOT remove or redesign the existing Hello Interview UI. Preserve the current corporate/proctored interview design, colors, layout, camera panel, timer, health bar, controls, and typography.

CURRENT PROBLEM:
The AI interviewer currently only displays an emoji/icon while audio plays the question. I need an actual visible AI interviewer character/person on the interview screen.

GOAL:
When the AI asks a question, the candidate must SEE a professional AI interviewer character on screen and HEAR the same character speaking.

IMPLEMENTATION:

1. CREATE A PROFESSIONAL AI INTERVIEWER CHARACTER
- Replace the emoji with a realistic/professional human-like AI interviewer avatar.
- The character should look like a corporate interviewer, not a cartoon, emoji, gaming character, or mascot.
- Upper-body/head-and-shoulders presentation is preferred.
- Neutral professional clothing.
- Clean corporate appearance.
- Suitable for a placement interview with companies such as Capgemini, TCS, Infosys, Accenture, etc.
- Use an image/asset or generated visual that can actually be rendered in the browser.
- Do NOT use an emoji as the primary interviewer.

2. INTERVIEWER STATES
The interviewer needs visible states:

A. IDLE / READY
- Character visible.
- Subtle natural idle animation if possible.

B. AI SPEAKING
- Character visibly appears to be speaking.
- Animate the mouth/face while speech audio is playing.
- Add a subtle speaking indicator such as "AI INTERVIEWER" and a small audio waveform/equalizer.
- The animation must start when TTS starts and stop when TTS finishes.

C. LISTENING
- Character remains visible.
- Speaking animation stops.
- Display a subtle "Listening..." state.
- Candidate's microphone remains active.

D. THINKING / EVALUATING
- Character remains visible.
- Show a subtle thinking/evaluating animation.
- Then generate/display the next question.

3. REAL VOICE CONNECTION
The character and audio MUST be synchronized.

Current flow should become:

AI generates question
        ↓
Question appears in UI
        ↓
AI interviewer character changes to SPEAKING
        ↓
TTS speaks the question
        ↓
Mouth/speaking animation runs while TTS is playing
        ↓
TTS finishes
        ↓
Character changes to LISTENING
        ↓
Candidate answers through microphone
        ↓
AI evaluates answer
        ↓
Character changes to THINKING
        ↓
Next question

4. DO NOT FAKE THE CORE FUNCTIONALITY
Do not just play an audio file while showing a static emoji.

The visible character must be integrated into the actual interview state machine.

If true AI lip-sync is not currently possible with the existing stack, implement a convincing MVP speaking animation:
- mouth open/close animation
- subtle head movement
- speaking glow/waveform
- animation synchronized to the TTS start/end events

Structure the code so a true lip-sync/avatar API can be integrated later.

5. AI AVATAR ARCHITECTURE
Create a reusable component such as:

AIInterviewer

with states:

'idle'
'speaking'
'listening'
'thinking'

Example:

<AIInterviewer
  state={interviewerState}
  isSpeaking={isSpeaking}
/>

Do NOT scatter avatar logic throughout unrelated files.

6. TTS INTEGRATION
Use the existing TTS implementation if one already exists.

If the browser SpeechSynthesis API is currently being used:
- connect SpeechSynthesisUtterance events to interviewer state
- on start → state = "speaking"
- during speech → speaking animation
- on end → state = "listening"

If a server-side TTS/API already exists:
- connect its start/end events to the same state system.

Do NOT expose private API keys in frontend code.

7. VISUAL DESIGN
The interviewer should appear inside the existing AI interviewer area.

Example layout:

┌─────────────────────────────────────────┐
│             AI INTERVIEWER              │
│                                         │
│              [ HUMAN-LIKE              │
│               AI AVATAR ]               │
│                                         │
│       ● AI INTERVIEWER  🔊 Speaking     │
│                                         │
│  "Tell me about yourself and your      │
│   experience with programming."         │
└─────────────────────────────────────────┘

Make it look like a premium corporate interview platform.

Do NOT make it look like:
- a chatbot
- a game
- an emoji interface
- a cartoon
- a generic profile picture sitting beside text

8. AVATAR ASSET
If the project needs an image asset, create/use a proper AI interviewer portrait asset.

The asset must:
- have a transparent or clean background where appropriate
- fit naturally inside the existing interviewer container
- be responsive
- not contain watermarks
- not show a laptop or physical room background
- look like part of the Hello Interview product

9. MOBILE + DESKTOP
The interviewer must work correctly on:
- desktop
- laptop
- mobile preview

Do not allow the avatar to disappear because of fixed width/height CSS.

10. DEBUGGING
After implementation, test the complete flow.

Required test:

1. Open interview.
2. AI interviewer is immediately visible.
3. Start interview.
4. AI generates a question.
5. AI avatar enters SPEAKING state.
6. Audio plays.
7. Speaking animation runs.
8. Audio ends.
9. Avatar enters LISTENING state.
10. Candidate speaks.
11. Candidate answer is captured.
12. AI evaluates it.
13. Avatar enters THINKING state.
14. Next question appears.
15. Avatar speaks again.
16. Final report is generated.

IMPORTANT:
If the current AI interviewer implementation is based on an emoji, DO NOT keep the emoji as the main visual.

I want the final result to feel like:

"An actual AI interviewer is sitting in front of me conducting my placement interview."

NOT:

"An emoji is reading questions through text-to-speech."

Before finishing, inspect the existing project structure and reuse the current interview engine, TTS, styling, and state management wherever possible. Do not unnecessarily rewrite working parts of the application.